1. "Some people can’t believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first." – Sean Maguire, Good Will Hunting

wise movie quotes
2. "It’s only after we’ve lost everything that we’re free to do anything." – Fight Club, Tyler Durden

famous movie quote to free you
3. "It is not our abilities that show what we truly are… it is our choices." – Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

Famous movie quotes on our abilities
4. "Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?" –  Movie What a girl wants

famous movie quotes to help you stand out
5. "Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it." – Rafiki, from The Lion King

famous movie quotes to help you learn from past
6. " If we didn’t do what we loved, we wouldn’t exist." – Adonis, Creed II

famous movie quotes on doing what we love
7. "At some point you’ve got to decide for yourself who you gonna be. Can’t let nobody make that decision for you." – Juan, Moonlight

famous movie quotes on decisions
8. "The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that’s what you’ve given me. That’s what I’d hoped to give you forever." – Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook

famous movie quotes about the fire in our hearts
9. "The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return." – From Moulin Rouge

famous movie quotes to uplift you
10. "Do, or do not. There is no try". – Yoda

Famous movie quotes about trying
Also check out these Matrix quotes that will really bake your noodle.

Famous movie quotes that will make your day
11. "I’m scared of everything. I’m scared of what I saw. I’m scared of what I did, of who I am…. and most of all, I’m scared of walking out of this room and never feeling the rest of my whole life the way I feel when I’m with you." – Baby, in Dirty Dancing

Famous movie quotes about life
12. "Sometimes I wish I had never met you. Because then I could go to sleep at night not knowing there was someone like you out there." – Good Will Hunting (see more Good Will Hunting quotes)

Famous movie quotes about love
13. "Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." – Ferris, from Ferris Bueller’s Day Off

Famous movie quotes about growth
14. "Remember those posters that said, Today is the first day of the rest of your life? Well, that’s true of every day but one…the day you die." – American Beauty

Famous movie quotes that will make you think hard
15. "You’re nothing to me until you’re everything." – American Hustle

Famous movie quotes that will make your day
16. "Every man dies, not every man really lives." – Braveheart

Famous movie quotes about living your best life
17. "The truth is a matter of circumstances, it’s not all things to all people all the time." – Captain America: The Winter Soldier

Famous movie quotes about truth
18. "I believe whatever doesn’t kill you, simply makes you…stranger." – The Dark Knight, The Joker

READ MORE:  80 Faith Quotes and Inspirational Sayings on Being Blessed
Famous movie quotes to make you laugh
19. "When you decide to be something, you can be it." – Frank Costello, The Departed

Famous movie quotes about decisions
20. "Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. But if you give him a mask, he will tell you the truth." – The Fifth Estate, Julian Assange

Famous movie quotes about choices
Have you seen these Die Hard quotes from the 80s action classic?

Famous movie quotes and lines
21. "Ideals are peaceful. History is violent." – Don Collier, Fury

Famous movie quotes about ideals
22. "When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it, always." – Gandhi,  Gandhi (1982)

Famous movie quotes about love
23. "All those moments will be lost in time… like tears in rain." – Rutger Hauer, Blade Runner

Famous movie quotes about moments
24. "A boy’s best friend is his mother." Anthony Perkins, Psycho

Famous movie quotes about mothers
25. "Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary." – Robin Williams, Dead Poets Society

Famous movie quotes about living extraordinary
26. "Get busy living, or get busy dying."  – Andy Dufresne, The Shawshank Redemption

Famous movie quotes about making the most of your life
27. "Hope. It is the only thing stronger than fear. A little hope is effective. A lot of hope is dangerous. A spark is fine, as long as it’s contained." – President Snow, The Hunger Games

Famous movie quotes to spark your inner fire

 Mediavine
28. "If you figure a way to live without serving a master, any master, then let the rest of us know, will you? For you’d be the first person in the history of the world." – Philip Seymour Hoffman, The Master

clever movie quotes

 Mediavine
29. "Nobody’s perfect." – Some Like It Hot

 movie quotes to inspire you

 Mediavine
30. "Now you’re looking for the secret, but you won’t find it, because of course you’re not really looking. You don’t really want to know. You want to be fooled." – The Prestige

 movie quotes about greatness

 Mediavine
31. "To call you stupid would be an insult to stupid people!" – A Fish Called Wanda

Famous movie quotes to brighten your day
32. "We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other’s happiness, not by each other’s misery." –  Charlie Chaplin, The Great Dictator 

33. "There’s no place like home."  The Wizard of Oz

34. "They may take our lives, but they will never take… our FREEDOM!" – Braveheart

35. "Do, or do not. There is no try". – Yoda, Star Wars

36. "Love cannot be found where it doesn’t exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does." – David Schwimmer, Kissing a Fool

37. "Don’t let anyone ever make you feel like you don’t deserve what you want." – Heath Ledger, 10 Things I Hate About You


 Mediavine
38. "I don’t regret the things I’ve done, but those I did not do." – Empire Records

39. "My momma always said, Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you’re gonna get." – Forrest Gump

40. "Don’t ever let somebody tell you you can’t do something, not even me. Alright? You dream, you gotta protect it. People can’t do something themselves, they wanna tell you you can’t do it. If you want something, go get it. Period." – Chris Gardner, The Pursuit of Happyness

Famous movie quotes to inspire you
41. "To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, to draw closer, to find each other and to feel. That is the purpose of life." – The Secret Life of Walter Mitty

42. "All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us." – Gandalf, Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring

43. "Great men are not born great, they grow great." – Mario Puzo, The Godfather


 Mediavine
44. "Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. What do we do? We swim, swim." – Dory, Finding Nemo

READ MORE:  165 Quotes About Change In Your Life and In The World
45. "What we do in life echoes in eternity." – Maximus, Gladiator

46. "Every man dies, but not every man really lives." – William Wallace, Braveheart

47. "I know what I have to do now. I’ve got to keep breathing because tomorrow the sun will rise. Who knows what the tide could bring?" – Cast Away

48. "Nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain’t how hard you can hit. It’s how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. It’s how much you can take, and keep moving forward. That’s how winning is done." – Rocky, Rocky Balboa

49. "You drilled a hole in the dentist?!" – Denise, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri


 Mediavine
50. "If you were not so stubborn you would make a great queen. I would make a great queen because I am stubborn…if that is what I wanted."—from an exchange between T’Challa and Nakia, Black Panther

Famous movie quotes to elevate your perspective
51. "Being human is a condition which requires an anesthetic." – Freddie Mercury, Bohemian Rhapsody

52. "Dying for the right cause. It’s the most human thing we can do." — Freysa, Blade Runner 2049

53. "Fire. It is a reflection of our own mortality." – Dean Armitage, Get Out

54. "When will the lesson be learned! You cannot reason with a tiger when your head is in its mouth!" – Winston Churchill, Darkest Hour

55. "We Shall Never Surrender." – Soldier, Dunkirk


 Mediavine
56. "All the courage in the world cannot alter fact." — Niander Wallace, Blade Runner 2049

57. "How many times do I have to teach you: just because something works doesn’t mean it can’t be improved."—Shuri, Black Panther

58. "So if I’m not black enough and if I’m not white enough, then tell me, Tony, what am I!?" – Don Shirley, Green Book

59. "Favor is a breeze that shifts direction all the time." – Harley, The Favourite

60. "That’s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind." – Neil Armstrong, First Man

Quotes from famous actors and actresses
61. "Show me the money!" – Jerry Maguire

62. "The only failure is not to try"  – George Clooney

63. "Don’t be afraid to fail. It’s not the end of the world and in many ways it’s the first step toward learning something better and getting better at it" –Jon Hamm


 Mediavine
64. "After many years of self-flagellation, I’ve realized that beating myself up doesn’t get me anywhere"  – Chris Pine

65. "Your regrets aren’t what you did, but what you didn’t do. So I take every opportunity"  – Cameron Diaz

66. "I’ve come across many actors like me who didn’t have a backup. That drive & will made it work"  – Clive Owen

67. "I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you’re prepared for it"  – Denzel Washington

68. "The best way to guarantee a loss is to quit"  – Morgan Freeman

69. "I’m a big believer in ‘never say never’ "  – Jim Parsons

70. "Be so good they can’t ignore you" ~ Steve Martin

Famous movie quotes to motivate and inspire you
71. "We’re going to be okay. You can rest now." – Pepper Potts, Avengers: Endgame

72. "Look, talent comes everywhere, but having something to say and a way to say it to have people listen to it, that’s a whole other bag. And unless you get out and you try to do it, you’ll never know. That’s just the truth." —Jackson Maine, A Star Is Born


 Mediavine
73. "Hope is not a strategy." – Walker, Mission: Impossible – Fallout

74. "When you get a different vantage point it changes your perspective… It allows you to see things you should have seen a long time ago." – Neil Armstrong, First Man

READ MORE:  60 Carl Sagan Quotes About The Cosmos, Love and Earth
75. "Who are we if we can’t protect them? We have to protect them." – Evelyn Abbott, A Quiet Place

76. "It’s not destroying. It’s making something new." – Lena, Annihilation

77. "I keep telling everybody they should move on and grow. Some do. But not us." – Steve Rogers, Avengers: Endgame

78. "You want to get out of the hole? First you’re going to have to put down the shovel." – Agent Rick Dicker, Incredibles 2


 Mediavine
79. "Put two ships in the open sea without wind or ride and they will come together." – Arthur, Aquaman

80. "Good words. Good thoughts. Good deeds." – Bomi Bulsara, Bohemian Rhapsody

Famous movie quotes to motivate you to live your best life
81. "We need people to care about the one life as much as you care about the millions. That way I don’t have to." – Sloan, Mission: Impossible – Fallout

82. "All you gotta do is trust me." —Jackson Maine, A Star Is Born

83. "Love is blind, Wade." – Blind Al, Deadpool

84. "When I drift off, I will dream about you. It’s always you." – Tony Stark, Avengers: Endgame (also read these Iron Man quotes)

85. "Fortune favors the bold." – Jim Miami Beach, Bohemian Rhapsody


 Mediavine
86. "I hope it’s okay if I love you forever, Jack." —Ally Maine, A Star Is Born

87. "We need to fail. We need to fail down here so we don’t fail up there."- Neil Armstrong, First Man

88. "Listen to me, it’s important that you learn these things. He just wants you to be able to take care of yourself, to take care of me, when I’m old, and grey, and I have no teeth. Don’t worry." – Evelyn Abbott, A Quiet Place

89. "It’s nice to be wanted." – Elastigirl, Incredibles 2

90. "Your mother always knew you were special. She believed… You would be the one to unite our two worlds." – Tom Curry, Aquaman

Famous movie quotes about life
91. "I love your style. I think we should take more risks." – Mary Austin, Bohemian Rhapsody

92. "Terrorists are schoolboys hoping to spread propaganda through fear." Lane, Mission: Impossible – Fallout


 Mediavine
93. "Even if there’s a small chance. We owe this, to everyone who’s not in this room, to try." – Natasha, Avengers: Endgame

94. "I didn’t think of you paying the price for a choice you never made." – Mr. Incredible, Incredibles 2

95. "Looks aren’t everything." – Blind Al, Deadpool

96. "We go to the moon not because it’s easy but because it’s hard." – President John F. Kennedy, First Man

97. "How do you balance the hard stuff with the life stuff?" – Violet, Incredibles 2

98. "If I told you what happens, it won’t happen." – Stephen Strange, Avengers: Endgame

99. "I came because because I have no choice. I came to save my home and the people I love." – Tom Curry, Aquaman

100. "Everything is possible, even the impossible." – Mary Poppins, Mary Poppins Returns (see all inspirational Mary Poppins quotes)

Famous movie quotes that are unforgettable
101. "May the Force be with you." – Star Wars, 1977


 Mediavine
102. "It’s not the years, honey. It’s the mileage."—Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones in Raiders of the Lost Ark

103. "I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse." – The Godfather, 1972

104. "It’s not who I am underneath but what I do that defines me."—Christian Bale as Batman in Batman Begins

105. "You can’t handle the truth!" – A Few Good Men, 1992

106. "We’ll always have Paris."—Humphrey Bogart as Rick Blaine in Casablanca

READ MORE:  50 Great BTS Quotes to Inspire Their A.R.M.Y
107. "Every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings." – It’s a Wonderful Life, 1946

108. "The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn’t exist."—Kevin Spacey as Roger Verbal Kint in The Usual Suspects


 Mediavine
109. "The Dude abides." – The Big Lebowski, 1998

110. "There’s no crying in baseball!"—Tom Hanks as Jimmy Dugan in A League of Their Own

Famous movie quotes for all occassions
111. "Toto, I’ve a feeling we’re not in Kansas anymore." – The Wizard of Oz, 1939

112. "Only one thing counts in this life: Get them to sign on the line that is dotted."—Alec Baldwin as Blake in Glengarry Glen Ross

113. "This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship." – Casablanca, 1942

114. "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."—Al Pacino as Michael Corleone in The Godfather: Part II

115. "To infinity and beyond!" – Toy Story, 1995

116. "Our lives are defined by opportunities even the ones we miss."—Brad Pitt as Benjamin Button in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button


 Mediavine
117. "I am big! It’s the pictures that got small." – Sunset Boulevard, 1950

118. "Love means never having to say you’re sorry."—Ali MacGraw as Jennifer Cavilleri in Love Story

119. "I mean, funny like I’m a clown? I amuse you?" – Goodfellas, 1990

120. "I’m not bad. I’m just drawn that way."—Kathleen Turner as Jessica Rabbit in Who Framed Roger Rabbit

Famous movie quotes that can impact your life
121. "Don’t just fly, soar." – Dumbo (Dumbo)

122. "A wise man can learn more from his enemies than a fool from his friends." –Niki Lauda, Rush

123. "You control your destiny — you don’t need magic to do it. And there are no magical shortcuts to solving your problems." – Merida (Brave)

124. "Sometimes it is the people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine." – Alan Turing, The Imitation Game


 Mediavine
125. "In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun." – Mary Poppins (Mary Poppins)

126. "Strange, isn’t it? Each man’s life touches so many other lives. When he isn’t around he leaves an awful hole, doesn’t he?" – Clarence The Angel, It’s a Wonderful Life

127. "Your identity is your most valuable possession. Protect it." – Elastigirl (The Incredibles)

128. "The way it works is, you do the thing you’re scared shitless of, and you get the courage AFTER you do it, not before you do it." – Archie Gates, Three Kings

129. "Our fate lives within us. You only have to be brave enough to see it." – Merida (Brave)

130. "To find something, anything, a great truth or a lost pair of glasses, you must first believe there will be some advantage in finding it." – Jack Burden, All the King’s Men


 Mediavine
Famous movie quotes that will inspire you
131. "They may take our lives, but they’ll never take our freedom!" – Braveheart

132. "So be prepared, be enthusiastic, and leave your bullshit attitude and baggage at the door because we don’t need it!" – Wet Hot American Summer

133. "When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible." – When Harry Met Sally

134. "You ain’t heard nothin’ yet!" – The Jazz Singer

135. "You complete me." – Jerry Maguire

136. "I don’t want to survive. I want to live." – 12 Years a Slave

137. "You make me want to be a better man." – As Good as It Gets

138. "It’s alive! It’s alive!" – Frankenstein

READ MORE:  50 Happy Saturday Quotes for an Awesome Weekend

 Mediavine
139. "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in." – The Godfather: Part III

140. "I have always depended on the kindness of strangers." – A Streetcar Named Desire

Clever and famous movie quotes
141. "By all means, move at a glacial pace. You know how that thrills me." — Miranda Priestly, The Devil Wears Prada

142. "Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down." — Mary Poppins

143. "From where I stand, the sun is shining all over the place." — Singin’ in the Rain

144. "No amount of money ever bought a second of time." – Tony Stark

145. "I’m the king of the world." — Titanic

146. "The hardest choices require the strongest wills." – Thanos

147. "Some people can never believe in themselves until someone believes in them." — Good Will Hunting


 Mediavine
148. "Why do we fall, sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up." – Alfred Pennyworth

149. "After all, tomorrow is another day." — Gone with the Wind

150. "Those who never change their mind never change anything." – Winston Churchill

Famous movie quotes to elevate your mind
151. "Roads? Where we’re going we don’t need roads." – Back to the Future, 1985

152. "Nobody makes me bleed my own blood. Nobody!" – Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story (2004)

153. "Fasten your seatbelts. It’s going to be a bumpy night." – All About Eve, 1950

154. "This is the day you will always remember as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow!" – Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003)


 Mediavine
155. "As my plastic surgeon always said, if you gotta go, go with a smile." —Jack Nicholson as The Joker in Batman

156. "I’m the guy who does his job. You must be the other guy." – The Departed (2006)

157. "By protecting others, you save yourselves." —Takashi Shimura as Kambei Shimada in Seven Samurai

158. "Look at me. I’m the captain now." – Captain Phillips (2013)

159. "The seaweed is always greener in somebody else’s lake." —Samuel E. Wright as Sebastian in The Little Mermaid

160. "With great power comes great responsibility." – Spider-Man (2002)

More famous movie quotes and lines
161. "You’re gonna need a bigger boat." – Jaws, 1975

162. "Calling it your job don’t make it right, boss." —Paul Newman as Luke in Cool Hand Luke

163. "If you build it, he will come." – Field of Dreams, 1989


 Mediavine
164. "Try not. Do—or do not. There is no try." —Frank Oz as Yoda in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back

165. "The stuff that dreams are made of." – The Maltese Falcon, 1941

166. "You had me at ‘Hello.’" —Renee Zellweger as Dorothy Boyd in Jerry Maguire

167. "Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth." –The Pride of the Yankees, 1942

168. "Go ahead, make my day." – Sudden Impact, 1983

169. "Nobody puts Baby in a corner." – Dirty Dancing, 1987

170. "One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don’t know." – Animal Crackers, 1930